com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/adapters/bookmark/ViewPagerAdapter.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.adapters.bookmark.ViewPagerAdapter
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/fragments/FragmentTv.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.fragments.FragmentTv
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.fragments.FragmentTv$1
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.fragments.FragmentTv$2
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.fragments.FragmentTv$3
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/dbs/dao/FavoriteDao.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.dbs.dao.FavoriteDao
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/fragments/TabMovieBookmark.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.fragments.TabMovieBookmark
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/adapters/movie/MovieAdapter.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.adapters.movie.MovieAdapter
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.adapters.movie.MovieAdapter$ViewHolder
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/models/tv/TvShowDetail.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.models.tv.TvShowDetail
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/fragments/FragmentMovie.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.fragments.FragmentMovie
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.fragments.FragmentMovie$1
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.fragments.FragmentMovie$2
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.fragments.FragmentMovie$3
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/MainActivity.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.MainActivity
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.MainActivity$1
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/models/tv/TvResult.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.models.tv.TvResult
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/TvActivityDetail.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.TvActivityDetail
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.TvActivityDetail$1
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/adapters/bookmark/TvBookmarkAdapter.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.adapters.bookmark.TvBookmarkAdapter
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.adapters.bookmark.TvBookmarkAdapter$ViewHolder
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/dbs/table/FavoriteTv.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.dbs.table.FavoriteTv
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/helper/Utility.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.helper.Utility
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/models/movie/MovieResult.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.models.movie.MovieResult
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/networks/Consts.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.networks.Consts
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/BuildConfig.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.BuildConfig
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/fragments/TabTvBookmark.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.fragments.TabTvBookmark
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/models/movie/MovieDetail.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.models.movie.MovieDetail
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/MovieActivityDetail.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.MovieActivityDetail
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.MovieActivityDetail$1
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/helper/OnItemClickListener.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.helper.OnItemClickListener
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/dbs/table/FavoriteMovie.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.dbs.table.FavoriteMovie
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/adapters/tv/TvShowAdapter.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.adapters.tv.TvShowAdapter
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.adapters.tv.TvShowAdapter$ViewHolder
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/dbs/AppDatabase.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.dbs.AppDatabase
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/helper/Genre.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.helper.Genre
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/networks/GetRetrofit.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.networks.GetRetrofit
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/fragments/FragmentBookmark.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.fragments.FragmentBookmark
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/models/tv/TvShow.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.models.tv.TvShow
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/networks/ApiService.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.networks.ApiService
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/adapters/bookmark/MovieBookmarkAdapter.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.adapters.bookmark.MovieBookmarkAdapter
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.adapters.bookmark.MovieBookmarkAdapter$ViewHolder
com/ysfsym/topratedmoviesandtvshows/models/movie/Movie.java
 com.ysfsym.topratedmoviesandtvshows.models.movie.Movie
